feat(codeowners): Add EA docs for Code Owners (#3931)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/issues/issue-owners/index.mdx

When you create a rule from the Issue Details page, you'll see some suggested paths and URLs based on the events in the issue. Note that [sentry.io](https://sentry.io) doesn't suggest tags.

### Code Owners
<Note>

This feature is available only if you're in the Early Adopter program. Features available to Early Adopters are still in-progress and may have bugs. We recognize the irony. If you’re interested in being an Early Adopter, you can turn your organization’s Early Adopter status on/off in General Settings. This will affect all users in your organization and can be turned back off just as easily.

Let us know if you have feedback: [ecosystem-feedback@sentry.io](mailto:ecosystem-feedback@sentry.io).

</Note>

![Code Owners in UI](code_owners.png)

> Import your CODEOWNERS file and use them alongside your Ownership Rules to assign Sentry Issues. You can import and incrementally add the mappings between your source control teams/users to Sentry Teams/Users using [External Team/User Mappings](/product/issues/issue-owners/#external-teamuser-mappings). We will automatically ignore rules that are missing team/user mappings.

Reviewer: "them" is unclear here - does it refer to the file (in which case, the edit would be to "use it") or the rules? I suspect it's the file, so editing to:
```suggestion
Import your CODEOWNERS file and use it alongside your Ownership Rules to assign Sentry issues. You can import and incrementally add the mappings between your source control teams/users to Sentry Teams/Users using [External Team/User Mappings](/product/issues/issue-owners/#external-teamuser-mappings). Sentry will automatically ignore rules that are missing team/user mappings.
```

This feature supports GitHub and GitLab CODEOWNERS file syntax with the following exceptions:

>  - Escaping a pattern starting with # using \ so it is treated as a pattern and not a comment

Reviewer: This isn't quite clear - do we mean using `#` instead of `/` ?:
```suggestion
 - Escaping a pattern starting with # using \ so it is treated as a pattern and not a comment
```

>  - Using ! to negate a pattern

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Using `!` to negate a pattern
```

>  - Using [ ] to define a character range

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Using `[ ]` to define a character range
```

>  - GitLab Premium syntax

Reviewer: Do we want to provide an external link here?

 - [GitHub CODEOWNERS syntax exceptions](https://docs.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/creating-a-repository-on-github/about-code-owners#syntax-exceptions)

### External Team/User Mappings

> <Note>

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<Note>
```

This feature is available only if you're in the Early Adopter program. Features available to Early Adopters are still in-progress and may have bugs. We recognize the irony. If you’re interested in being an Early Adopter, you can turn your organization’s Early Adopter status on/off in General Settings. This will affect all users in your organization and can be turned back off just as easily.

Let us know if you have feedback: [ecosystem-feedback@sentry.io](mailto:ecosystem-feedback@sentry.io).

</Note>

![External team mappings for Github/Gitlab](external_team_mappings.png)

![External user mappings for Github/Gitlab](external_user_mappings.png)

> Create external team/user mappings for your GitHub/GitLab teams and users.

Reviewer 2: Should we include where users should navigate to see team and user mappings?

**Settings > Integrations > GitHub/GitLab >...**

Reviewer: Yes, that makes sense here.
